Synthetic nodes (#6)
Jakobeha/type-sitter: README.md

"Type-safe" here means that:

- Instead of representing all tree-sitter nodes by [`tree_sitter::Node`](https://docs.rs/tree-sitter/latest/tree_sitter/struct.Node.html), each node type has its own data-type which wraps `tree_sitter::Node`.

>   - Supertype nodes are `enum`s, so they can be safely specialized using `match` statements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Supertype nodes are `enum`s, so you can pattern-match their subtypes with compile-time exhaustiveness checking.
```
